Update tutorial pbi (#21431)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: includes/data-connect-quickstart-08.md

---
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

## Optional: Visualize your Microsoft Graph Data Connect data in Microsoft Power BI

> This exercise describes how to create a report in Microsoft Power BI to visualize your Microsoft 365 data from Microsoft Graph Data Connect. **This step is entirely optional** but requires you to complete all the steps in the building your first Microsoft Graph Data Connect pipeline beforehand. Once you have your JSON file in your Azure Storage, complete the following steps:

Reviewer: Please clarify the second sentence. Does this imply that they have to have completed the previous seven steps of the tutorial first? If so, revise as: 

This step is optional, but before you can proceed, make sure that you've completed the steps to build your first Microsoft Graph Data Connect application. When you have your JSON file...

> This exercise describes how to create a report in Microsoft Power BI to visualize your Microsoft 365 data from Microsoft Graph Data Connect. **This step is entirely optional** but requires you to complete all the steps in the building your first Microsoft Graph Data Connect pipeline beforehand. Once you have your JSON file in your Azure Storage, complete the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This exercise describes how to create a report in Microsoft Power BI to visualize your Microsoft 365 data from Microsoft Graph Data Connect. Before proceeding with this optional step, ensure you have completed all the necessary steps to build your first Microsoft Graph Data Connect pipeline. Once you have your JSON file in your Azure storage, follow these steps:
```

> 1. Open your Power BI desktop application or download it from: [Download Power BI tools and apps](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/downloads/)  

Reviewer: Revise as:

Open your Power BI desktop application. If you need to download Power BI, go to [Download Power BI tools and apps](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/downloads/).

> 2. Click on the **Get Data** window, select **Azure** and choose **Azure Blob Storage** from the list of Azure services.

Reviewer: Per the Microsoft Writing Style Guide, avoid the use of click, and never use "click on". Revise as "Choose **Get Data**, select.. ".

> 2. Click on the **Get Data** window, select **Azure** and choose **Azure Blob Storage** from the list of Azure services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click the **Get Data** window, select **Azure** and choose **Azure Blob Storage**.
```

3. Click **Connect** to establish the connection between Power BI and your Azure Blob Storage account.

![A screenshot that shows how to connect to get data from an Azure Blob Storage in Power BI.](../concepts/images/data-connect-pbi-connect-blob-storage.png)

> 4. Add the Azure Blob Storage **Account name or URL**: Enter the Azure Storage Account name and container name for the Azure Blob Storage account you want to connect to, then click **OK**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Add the **Azure Blob Storage Account name or URL**: Enter the Azure Storage Account name and container name for the Azure Blob Storage account you want to connect to, then click **OK**.
```

![A screenshot that shows how to add the Azure Blob Storage account URL to get data in Power BI.](../concepts/images/data-connect-pbi-add-blob-account-name.png)

> > **Note:** You can find your Azure Storage URL in the Azure Storage Account. Navigate to your containers and choose the container you want to connect, click on the Context menu (...), select **Container properties**, and copy the URL.

Reviewer: Per Microsoft voice, change "Navigate" to "Go".

> > **Note:** You can find your Azure Storage URL in the Azure Storage Account. Navigate to your containers and choose the container you want to connect, click on the Context menu (...), select **Container properties**, and copy the URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** 
> You can find your Azure Storage URL in the Azure Storage Account. Navigate to your containers, choose the container you want to connect to, click on the Context menu (...), select **Container Properties**, and copy the URL.
```

> 5. Select **Transform Data** and click to go inside the first line that says **Binary**.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that the phrase "click to go inside" is clear. Do you just mean that they need to select the first line?

![A screenshot that shows how to transform the binary data in Power BI.](../concepts/images/data-connect-pbi-transform-binary.png)

> 6. Get a list with all the **Records**: On the Column1 toggle option, right click to select **Transform**, then choose **JSON**.

Reviewer: Revise as:

To get a list with all the **Records**, on the **Column1** toggle option, right-click to select **Transform**, then choose **JSON**.

![A screenshot that shows how to expand the data columns in Power BI.](../concepts/images/data-connect-pbi-transform-columns.png)

> 7. Load all the columns: Expand the **Records** from the Column1 toggle, then click **OK**.

Reviewer: Revise as:

To load all the columns, expand the **Records** from the **Column1** toggle, and then click **OK**.

![A screenshot that shows how to load all the columns in Power BI.](../concepts/images/data-connect-pbi-expand-records.png)

> 6. The results are shown as _Column1.property_. You can now expand again the columns with nested data by clicking on the toggle option on each column, then click **OK**.

Reviewer: Revise the second sentence as:

To expand the columns with nested data, choose the toggle option on each column, and then choose **OK**.

>     - You can now click on **Close & Apply** and wait for your query to load all the columns.

Reviewer: Revise as:

Choose **Close & Apply** and wait for your query to load all the columns.

    ![A screenshot that shows how to load all the columns in Power BI.](../concepts/images/data-connect-pbi-expand-columns-close.png)

> 7. Once it loaded all the columns, you can now build visuals with your data.

Reviewer: Revise as:

When all the columns load, you can build visuals with your data.

    - Under **Data**, select **Query1** to expand the columns and choose the properties you want to visualize.
    - Under **Visualizations**, select the **Key Influencers** option to visualize the data.
    

> > **Note:** In this example, you can easily see if users read the messages sent by a department in your organization, by analyzing every "toRecipientName" and the property "isRead".

Reviewer: Revise as:

> **Note:** In this example, you can determine whether users read the messages sent by a department in your organization by analyzing every **toRecipientName** and the **isRead** property.
